Add back internal technical reference links (#1349)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: parachains/runtime-maintenance/unlock-parachains.md

        - For parent/child chains use the prefix `0x70617261` (which decodes to `b"para"`).
         

>     2. Encode your parachain ID as a u32 [SCALE](/polkadot-protocol/parachain-basics/data-encoding#data-types){target=\_blank} value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Encode your parachain ID as a u32 [SCALE](/reference/parachains/data-encoding/#data-types){target=\_blank} value:
```
This was a 404. Maybe this route is the correct one?
